During a charity trip to
Central Vietnam, Pham Thi Yen,
along with
representatives from the Golden Club of the Six Harmonious Practices,
visited, encouraged, and distributed
gifts to disadvantaged families
severely affected by natural disasters,
including people with
disabilities and those less fortunate in life.
Ms. Pham Thi Yen once said that in Vietnam,
we have a spirit of solidarity and
love for one another; in times of hardship, we
always stand together, bound by our connection.
We hope that the people of Central Vietnam will have the
strength to overcome
these difficulties. We
pray that everyone will
soon find peace, auspicious connections,
and enlightenment in Buddhism, so that they may always be
happy and joyful.
[Music]